# like-search-contract

## What is LKS token?
LKS token has a max. supply of 1,000,000,000,000 LKS. Users can deposit LKS to a URL for a keyword. URLs with LKS can display at the top of results and rank by the amount.

## What is Like Search?
Search engines are an important entry point for network traffic. The search results of the centralized search engine are all generated by the search engine company's algorithm and contain some advertisements. Users passively accept these search results. Advertisers will buy ads to get more clicks.

Like Search is a different search engine, there is no centralized organization that can determine search results, and there are no advertisements. All search results are determined by public evaluation. No one can cheat during the evaluation process and results. This kind of decentralized search engine that everyone can participate in will bring a whole new experience.

The core of Like Search is a smart contract deployed on the Ethereum network. Users can deposit any amount of LKS. We call this transaction "like". Users can withdraw their LKS at any time. Like and withdraw transactions constitute a decentralized and retractable anonymous voting mechanism, which allows the favorable URLs to be displayed first. Smart contracts ensure the safety of funds and the fairness of voting. Like Search not only uses blockchain technology, but also uses distributed crawlers and distributed databases to enhance the search experience.

## Website
[https://like.foundation/](https://like.foundation/)

## Contract Addresses
### Mainnet
0xB6173939FC4d0c9029d3573FC7cC6CDEb2a15cD0
### Ropsten
0xd44EfBe7A9899ecdb785aAfc1BBa08D9C1cCEACe